Update how to back up documentation (#151)
canonical/wazuh-server-operator: docs/how-to/backup-restore.md

All persisted data are stored in the "Wazuh Indexer".

To back up and restore the "Wazuh Indexer" data, please refer to the [OpenSearch documentation](https://charmhub.io/opensearch/docs/h-create-backup).

> Back ups rely on S3 storage, please also refer to the [OpenSearch documentation](https://charmhub.io/opensearch/docs/h-configure-s3) for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backups rely on S3 storage; please also refer to the [OpenSearch documentation](https://charmhub.io/opensearch/docs/h-configure-s3) for reference.
```
